---
title: November 2016
layout: post
featured_image:
pdf_url:
jpg_url:
date:   2016-11-16 18:35:14 -0600

---

Hello Churches and Prayer Partners,

 

Still driving. Still preaching. Still presenting. Still praying. And best of all, God’s still GOOD and FAITHFUL!

Sometimes, this seems like all there is to write in these letters, but that wouldn’t make for a very eventful, interesting prayer letter! With this being our November prayer letter, in the spirit of Thanksgiving I’d like to share some things that we’re each thankful for!

> I’m thankful for the perfect will of God and the guidance of the Holy Spirit. I’m so thankful for my wife! She is the best life mate that I could ever have been blessed with! She is such a trooper through this crazy deputation life. I’m also thankful for pastors that have loved on my family and churches that have partnered with us. – Bryan

> I am thankful for God’s loving kindness to us.  He doesn’t lose his patience like we may, in spite of all our shortcomings.  He continues to mold us gently as we humbly submit to Him.  What rest and peace, joy and security this offers!  I’m thankful to be able to serve the Lord full time – what a privilege!  Of course I’m also incredibly thankful and blessed for my loving, fun, tender family!  And for the many churches who generously give to support the soul saving work in Thailand and around the world! – Angel

> First, I’m thankful for my family. And I’m thankful that we always have a roof over our head and that we have so much more than so many other kids around the world. I’m thankful that we have freedom to go over to Thailand and tell them about Jesus! – Andrew (10)

> I’m thankful for all of the churches being a blessing to us and all the things that they’re doing to help us. I’m thankful for my family. – Aaron (8)

> I’m thankful for my siblings. I’m thankful for my mom and dad. I’m thankful for my house. I’m thankful for the churches. – Abigail (7)

> I’m thankful for my family. I’m thankful that we get to go to churches every month because I like meeting new friends! – Anna (5)

> I’m thankful for you, Dad and for Mom. I’m thankful for every one of my siblings and every single parent. – Alex (3)

Last month…

October is always a busy month for us as missionaries. During October, we drove 4,551 miles and shared the need for the Gospel in Thailand with churches throughout Indiana, Kentucky and Alabama. During the last month, there have been 5 new churches join with us in a Great Commission partnership. We’re grateful for what the Lord is doing!


Where we’ll be this month…

We have the honor during November of being a part of the services and Missions Conferences in Indiana, Illinois, Pennsylvania, Ohio and Kentucky!  We have a lot on our plates this month getting prepared for our December 2 week survey trip to Bangkok, Thailand. We are thrilled at how God is bringing this trip together. We have set up several days of meetings with other missionary families in the country. We also plan on visiting a couple of language schools, utilizing a variety of forms of transportation, and much more! Please pray with us as the survey trip approaches.  There have been a few more expenses arise, so if you’d like to help with those please let me know! We’d be grateful!

We’re THANKFUL for you! God bless you!

By His Grace,
Bryan and Angel Ries
Andrew, Aaron, Abigail, Anna and Alexander