---
layout: post
title: June 2017 Update
date: '2017-01-10 18:35:14 -0600'
categories: update
featured_image:
pdf_url:
jpg_url:
---


**Hello Churches and Prayer Partners, &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;June 2017**

It’s been a great few months of deputation ministry. It has been good to speak with adults, teenagers and children about the great need and open door for gospel ministry in the predominantly Buddhist nation of Thailand. God’s people have also been so very gracious and generous to us! Thank you for your prayers and support along the way!

**During April and May, we have been able to…**

* Share the Gospel need in Thailand with 9 new churches in KS, NE, GA, OH, IN and MI.
* Hear from 11 new supporting churches raising our support level to 47%.
* With God’s protection, travel approximately 6,275 &nbsp;miles.

**This coming month…**

We appreciate your continued prayers as we minister in more churches this month throughout IN, NC, VA and MD.

We are also still praying about what to do with our living and travel arrangements. We are still living in the house we own in Indiana when we are not out traveling. We have received a large unexpected financial gift and are praying about the possibility of putting this toward a travel trailer and raising the rest of the funds we would need for that. Pray for discernment of the Holy Spirit’s leadership about this. We love you all!

By His Grace,

The Ries Family